hello and welcome to story time today's
story is where the wild things are the
story and pictures are by Maurice Sendak
the night max wore his wolf suit and
made mischief of one kind
and another
his mother called him Wild Thing and Max
said I'll eat you up so he was sent to
bed without eating anything not very
night in Max's room a forest grew
and grew
and grew until his ceiling hung with
vines and the walls became the world all
around
and an ocean tumbled by with a private
boat for max and he sailed off through
day and night
and in and out of weeks and almost over
a year to where the wild things are
and when he came to the place where the
wild things are and they roared their
terrible roars and they gnashed their
terrible teeth and rolled their terrible
eyes and showed their terrible claws til
Mac said be still and tamed them with
the magic trick of staring into all
their yellow eyes without blinking once
and they were frightened and called him
the most wild of all things and made him
king of all wild things I think he looks
like a pretty good King actually and now
cried max let the wild rumpus start
oh look he's got the monsters all acting
crazy there he is
oh he looks like he's causing trouble
look at that as daytime and they're
still swinging from the trees and acting
all crazy there he is
riding on the shoulders of a big monster
on a big wild thing
now stop Mac said and sent the wild
things off to bed without their supper
and Max the king of all wild things was
lonely and wanted to be where someone
loved him best of all then all around
from far away and across the world he
smelled some thing good to eat so he
gave up being king of where the well
things are but the wild things cried oh
please don't go we'll eat you up we love
you so and Mac said no the wild things
roared their terrible roars and gnashed
their terrible teeth and rolled their
terrible eyes and showed their terrible
claws but max stepped into his private
boat and waved goodbye
and sale back over a year and in and out
of weeks and through a day
and into the night of his very own room
where he found his supper waiting for
him here it is there is his supper still
see and guess what and it was still
thought not the end of where the wild
things are I hope you'll come back and
join us next time on story time bye bye